Added CONTRIBUTING.md (#89)
Jelly-RDF/pyjelly: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to pyjelly

Hello! If you want to contribute to Jelly and help us make it go fast (in Python), please follow the rules described below.

## Quick start

1. Clone the project with `git clone https://github.com/Jelly-RDF/pyjelly.git`.

2. If it's not already installed on your machine, install [uv](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv). uv is the project manager of choice for pyjelly. 
    * Make sure you have the correct version of uv installed. You can find it in `pyproject.toml` under `[tool.uv]` as `required-version`. If you have installed uv through the dedicated standalone installer, you can change the version through `uv self.update`:
        ```
        uv self.update version==0.6.17
        ```

> 3. Now, when you call `uv run` (for example by calling `uv run mypy pyjelly`), uv will automatically download all necessary dependencies. Run `uv run tests/conftest.py` to check if everything works fine.
>     * If you're using an IDE for development, make sure the Python interpreter path you're using points to the Python binary created by uv.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Install the project to a virtual environment (typically `.venv` in the same directory) with `uv sync`.
    * If you use an IDE, make sure that it employs the Python interpreter from that environment.
4. [Activate the environment](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html#how-venvs-work) or use [`uv run` to run commands and code](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/guides/projects/). 
```

## Contributions

> 1. Every pull request should be connected to an issue. If you see a problem, first create an issue.

Reviewer: What about typo fixes or other minor stuff like that?

2. Every new branch should follow the naming convention of `GH-<issue-number>-<description>`.

> 3. If you submit a PR, make sure it has a descriptive title and references the issue it touches on in its description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When opening a pull request:
   * Use a descriptive title.
   * Reference the related issue in the description.
```

> 4. Before submitting a PR, make sure your code is clean by:
>     1. Running 
>         ```
>         uv run mypy pyjelly
>         uv run mypy tests
>         ```
>     2. Running the tests with `pytest`.

Reviewer: I'd rephrase this. Something along the lines of
```suggestion
4. Please make sure your code passes all the checks:
   1. Tests (`pytest`)
   2. Type safety (`mypy`)
   3. Formatting and linting (`ruff` or via `pre-commit`)
   This helps us follow best practices and keep the codebase in shape.
```

I don't think it should be necessary to remember about running particular tools _before_ opening a PR.
You can compare against CI (esp. since you often don't test on every Python version and you may sometimes get platform-specific errors to fix).

In the end, the maintainers can also take over valuable contributions and polish them as needed.

Reviewer: Oh... and.
<sub>Clean code doesn't exist.</sub>
